Nothing is what it appears to be.
It seems pretty clear to me.
Because you're only seeing part of it.
I'm talking about a clean slate.
You ever try and clean an actual slate? You always see what was on it before.
Are you volunteering I don't have a choice, do I? How did it get this far? Caroline, actions have consequences.
Oh, God, you're loving this, aren't you? I'm sorry you don't understand what I'm offering here.
But what we do helps people.
If you become a part of that, it can help you.
Right.
You're just looking out for me.
Perhaps better than you have.
We can take care of this mess.
After your five-year term, you will be free to I don't deserve this.
I was just trying to make a difference, trying to take my place in the world, you know, like she always said, and now I'm I know.
I know.
Actions have consequences.
What if they didn't? Happy birthday, man.
No way.
No way.
You cheated.
How did l cheat? You did something that will prove to have been cheating.
This isn't over.
Oh, my God, you are a sore loser.
Oh, I wouldn't know I've never lost.
That's okay, the first time, you're always just a little bit sore.
Oh, wow, that's funny, coming from a cheater who is also a little bitch.
You sure you didn't let me win? Two out of three.
Nah.
Huh? Let's just dance.
You having a good time? The best.
Listen, uh, I know at the beginning of the weekend, we said no strings.
We also said no ropes, and look how long that lasted.
Yeah, I remember.
I remember it all.
I always will.
What, like I'd forget? You think this is a normal weekend for me? Maybe? I had no idea you were a moron.
Look, it's it's little, it's stupid, but I want you to have it.
You're an amazing guy, Matt.
When you say it, I almost believe.
Thank you.
For everything.
It's getting late.
You're not getting out of another dance.
Of course not.
I'm just gonna go grab a drink.
Okay.
You ready for your treatment? I think it's time.
Did you have a nice time? I met a guy.
Dude, where's your friend? It's time for her to go.
Had to get to her carriage before it turned into a pumpkin.
What? Stroke of midnight.
Midnight? The end of the ball.
Dude, it it's like 5:00.
Hey, you think you could take me back to the party after my treatment? I'll wait right here.
You're good people.
Right.
Maybe I shouldn't go back.
The last thing I want to be is clingy, but you know when you just you meet someone and you know? If I'm wrong, I'll know.
I mean, Matt can't lie to save his life.
If he gives me that look, I'll walk away.
But I don't know, I think he feels it, too.
I think I found something real.
I'm glad.
This is gonna pinch a bit.
You have a nice time? I met a guy.
I want you to have it.
You ready to be a sad second place, man? No obligations.
Really? No pressure.
It's just an experiment.
How much fun can we have in three days? Hello, Echo.
How are you feeling? Did I fall asleep? For a little while.
Shall I go now? If you like.
Everything go all right with the wipe? Why don't you just ask Echo? Oh, that's right.
Because she can't remember.
Of course, it went all right.
Imprint's gone.
The new moon has made her a virgin again.
Is there some reason it shouldn't have? Something happen during the engagement? I think she finally met the right guy.
You're so jaded, and at such a middle age.
She had fun, right? She thought so.
There's nothing good or bad, but thinking makes it so, man friend.
We gave two people a perfect weekend together.
We're great humanitarians.
Who would spend their lives in jail if anyone ever found this place.
We're also misunderstood which great humanitarians often are.
Look at Echo.
Not a care in the world.
She's living the dream.
Whose dream? Who's next? I don't understand.
You don't have to understand.
You just have to do as I tell you.
They'll find out, you know.
And why should I care about that? They'll laugh at me.
Everybody watches it.
It's all they talk about.
That's 'cause their brains are melting, and that reality crap is the reason why.
I finished my homework.
Well, if you finished your homework, you should get a present.
How about Knowledge.
I hate you.
You have that right.
Why are we stopping? You know I could watch it, and you'd never know.
Yeah, well, I'd see it all over your face even when you were sleeping.
Some kind of roadblock.
I got to go.
And I'll know.
Tyrant.
She's completely helpless.
I mean, she's 12 years old, just a kid.
How much are they demanding? Five million.
And you'll pay it.
Thanks.
In Mexico, kidnapping is a thriving business, which is part of why we live here when my factories are there.
But if you pay, there's a better chance Have you contacted the police? I was instructed not to.
They're useless, anyway.
I need this to go smoothly.
I need Davina to be okay.
Mr.
Crestejo, you're a valued client.
We will of course provide what you need.
But there is a risk factor involved.
I don't want Rambo.
I want a negotiator.
This goes like clockwork, you understand? That's who I need.
Clockwork.
Well, our Actives are not robots, but I think we can make this work for you.
Mr.
Dominic will discuss the security details with you, and you can enter the rest into the confessional.
Please remember, the Active won't know they came from here.
Any discussion of this place will only confuse them, and possibly send them right back.
I know how important it is that not happen.
Yes.
Thank you.
I'm terribly sorry for all this.
We will help.
Ow! Yeah, this feels very tight.
I think you fell on it with something heavy.
I don't remember.
Well, it's gonna be fine.
And your blood work and internals are all shipshape.
I'll just ask one of the staff to work on that knee.
Would you like a massage? They're relaxing.
Yes.
I'll set that up.
I don't remember what fell on me.
Does that bother you? Should it? We'll look after you.
Does someone look after you? Why don't you wait in the massage area, and I'll call for someone to work on that knee.
She's not asleep.
Oh.
What? Just keep mapping the tissue.
Hey, Echo.
What are you doing here? She hurts.
She does.
That's because it's her first time, and, uh, we have to do more extensive work on her.
Work? We're making her better.
In a little while, she'll be strong and happy, and she'll forget all about this and you will have a new friend living with you.
Her name is Sierra.
Sierra.
Mm-hmm.
Aren't you supposed to be getting your physical with Dr.
Saunders far from here right now? We're ready for your massage, Echo.
Something fell on me.
I bet it was something great.
Agent Ballard, you were assigned to case designate Dollhouse over 14 months ago.
How would you describe your progress to date? Slow.
I'm actually very impressed by what I see here.
You've physically threatened a senator, disrupted a seven-year human trafficking investigation, been arrested for trespassing on Prince Amoudi's yacht.
The only legal action you've successfully followed through on is your divorce.
Paul, let me ask you.
After all this, do you think the Dollhouse really exists? I know it does.
You've seen it then? You could, like, take us on a tour? Look, we all know this assignment is a joke.
If it's a joke, then pull me off it.
Except you can't, because someone bigger than you thinks it isn't a joke.
I'm a billionaire.
I can hire anybody for anything.
And I'm gonna go to an illegal organization and have them build me, program me, what, the perfect date? Confessor, assassin, dominatrix, omelet chef? I'm paying a million dollars for that? I can get that.
I have everything I want.
Nobody has everything they want.
It's a survival pattern.
You get what you want, you want something else.
If you have everything, you want something else.
Something more extreme, something more specific.
Something perfect.
Put it like that, it doesn't sound so bad.
The only way to imprint a human being with a new personality Which we've yet to prove possible.
is to remove their own.
Completely.
We're talking about people walking around who may as well have been murdered.
Which to me sounds pretty bad.
Is that why you interfered with the Russians? The Borodin case? They're the top of the heap in human trafficking.
If people are disappearing That is an ongoing investigation! All right? We have a chance to dry up a major pipeline of girls being smuggled into this country, and you do not jeopardize that for a fairy tale! You will stay out of everyone's way, and you will stop pissing off powerful public figures without any evidence! You've been out of line, Paul.
You have to back off.
You need to keep away from the Borodin case.
Do you understand? Are you able to back off? That won't be a problem sir.
Hello, Echo.